♪ I'M GOING DOWN
TO SOUTH PARK ♪
♪ GONNA HAVE MYSELF
A TIME ♪
♪ FRIENDLY FACES
EVERYWHERE ♪
♪ HUMBLE FOLKS
WITHOUT TEMPTATION ♪
♪ GOING DOWN
TO SOUTH PARK ♪
♪ GONNA LEAVE
MY WOE'S BEHIND ♪
♪ AMPLE PARKING
DAY OR NIGHT ♪
♪ PEOPLE SPOUTING
"HOWDY NEIGHBOR" ♪
♪ HEADED ON
UP TO SOUTH PARK ♪
♪ GONNA SEE IF
I CAN'T UNWIND ♪
( mumbling )
♪ SO COME ON DOWN
TO SOUTH PARK ♪
♪ AND MEET SOME
FRIENDS OF MINE ♪
STAN, YOU KNOW IT'S
ALMOST VALENTINE'S DAY.
I KNOW.
MAYBE WE SHOULD GO
ON A CRUISE OR SOMETHING.
I CAN'T AFFORD
A CRUISE, DUDE.
I KNOW, BUT WE CAN MAKE
A LITTLE BOAT OUT OF CARDBOARD
AND PRETEND
IT'S A CRUISE!
( hysterical laughing )
SHUT UP,
CARTMAN!
THAT IS
SO LAME!
( laughing )
AND THEN WE COULD DRESS UP
IN LITTLE COSTUMES
AND PRETEND
WE'RE GETTING MARRIED.
( hysterical laughing )
( Cartman )
STOP THIS!
CHILDREN, I HAVE SOME
DIFFICULT NEWS FOR YOU.
MR. GARRISON WON'T BE
TEACHING FOR A WHILE.
HE HAS TO
HAVE SURGERY!
( cheers )
SO YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
A SUBSTITUTE TEACHER!
( moans )
AND I WANT YOU
TO SHOW THE SUBSTITUTE
THE SAME RESPECT
YOU SHOW FOR MR. GARRISON.
YES, LITTLE BOY?
WE DON'T HAVE RESPECT
FOR MR. GARRISON.
OH.
ANY-HOO, I WANT YOU ALL
TO MEET YOUR NEW SUBSTITUTE,
MISS ELLEN.
HELLO CHILDREN.
WHOA!
WOW,
SHE'S PRETTY.
( mumbling )
YOU CAN
SAY THAT AGAIN.
( mumbling )
GOOD LUCK,
MISS ELLEN.
IF THEY GET OUT OF CONTROL,
JUST USE THIS TEAR GAS.
THANK YOU.
I'M SURE
I'LL BE FINE.
YOU MUST BE VERY UPSET ABOUT
YOUR TEACHER HAVING SURGERY,
BUT I PROMISE I'LL TRY TO MAKE
THINGS AS EASY AS POSSIBLE
FOR ALL OF US.
( gasping )
STAN?
STAN!
NOW LET ME TRY
AND LEARN YOUR NAMES
BY YOUR
SEATING ASSIGNMENTS.
YOU ARE
ERIC CARTMAN?
YES, MA'AM!
OKAY, AND,
YOU MUST BE STAN MARSH!
DO YOU NEED TO GO
TO THE NURSE'S OFFICE?
NO, HE ALWAYS PUKES
WHEN HE'S IN LOVE.
I'LL KICK YOUR ASS,
CARTMAN!
SO YOU'RE ALRIGHT?
DUDE, YOU HAD
WAFFLES FOR BREAKFAST!
I HAVE TO ADMIT
I'M STILL EMBARRASSED
ABOUT GETTING A NOSE JOB.
I DIDN'T WANT PEOPLE
AT SCHOOL TO KNOW,
SO I TOLD THEM
I HAD HERPES.
YOU SHOULDN'T BE
EMBARRASSED, MR. GARRISON.
PEOPLE HAVE COSMETIC SURGERY
ALL THE TIME.
BEFORE WE START,
THIS COMPUTER CAN HELP YOU
PICK WHAT KIND OF
NOSE YOU WANT.
ISN'T THAT AMAZING,
MR. HAT?
IT SURE IS,
MR. GARRISON!
WE COULD GO WITH SOMETHING
A LITTLE SMALLER,
WHICH WOULD MAKE YOU
LOOK LIKE THIS.
( Mr. Garrison )
HMM...
OR WE COULD
STRAIGHTEN OUT THE BRIDGE
WHICH WOULD MAKE YOU
LOOK LIKE THIS.
OH THAT'S
NOT BAD.
OF COURSE WE COULD
NARROW THE BRIDGE,
WHICH WOULD MAKE YOU
LOOK MORE LIKE THIS.
WOW!
THAT'S IT!
THAT'S THE NOSE
I WANT!
ALRIGHTY THEN.
NOW I MUST
WARN YOU,
THAT THERE
ARE RISKS.
YOU COULD WIND UP A HIDEOUS,
FOUL, SHADOW OF A CREATURE.
SO TERRIFYINGLY UGLY
THAT YOU ARE FORCED
TO LIVE IN THE SEWERS,
ONLY EMERGING AT NIGHT
FOR SOME SCRAPS OF FOOD.
I CAN LIVE WITH THAT.
ALRIGHTY THEN,
LET'S GET STARTED!
SHE WASN'T LOOKING AT YOU,
SHE WAS LOOKING AT ME!
THAT GOES WITHOUT
SAYING, FAT-ASS.
HOW COULD SHE HELP
BUT LOOK AT YOU?
YOU GUYS CAN STOP FIGHTING,
IT WAS ME SHE WAS CHECKING OUT.
UNTIL YOU
PUKED ON HER.
HELLO THERE,
CHILDREN.
WHAT'S ALL THIS I'M HEARING
ABOUT A NEW TEACHER?
MISS ELLEN, DUDE
SHE'S BEAUTIFUL!
IS SHE A
VANESSA WILLIAMS
BEAUTIFUL,
OR A TONI BRAXTON
BEAUTIFUL?
OR PAMELA ANDERSON
OR IS SHE ERIN GRAY
IN THE SECOND SEASON
OF "BUCK ROGERS" BEAUTIFUL?
YEAH, THAT ONE!
WHOO!
I GOTTA MEET
THIS WOMAN.
STAN, DIDN'T YOU NOTICE
HOW HER LEFT ARM
IS LONGER
THAN THE RIGHT ONE?
NO.
WELL IT IS!
THAT'S OKAY,
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY
ABOUT WOMEN WITH ONE ARM
LONGER THAT THE OTHER.
( mumbling )
THAT'S RIGHT.
DID YOU NOTICE THAT MOLE
ON THE BACK OF HER NECK
WITH THE HAIR
GROWING OUT OF IT?
THAT'S OKAY,
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY
ABOUT WOMEN WITH A MOLE
ON THE BACK OF THEIR NECKS
WITH HAIR GROWIN'
OUT OF IT.
STAN, WE'RE STILL
VALENTINES, RIGHT?
SURE WENDY,
WHATEVER.
WE SHOULD BUY MISS ELLEN
VALENTINE'S DAY PRESENTS.
YEAH, WE'LL GO
TO THE MALL TONIGHT.
( Cartman )
I'M GONNA BUY HER
A VACUUM CLEANER,
CHICKS LIKE
VACUUM CLEANERS!
♪ I REMEMBER WHEN
WE WERE SO IN LOVE ♪
♪ THE MOMENTS THAT WE SHARED
WERE TIMELESS ♪
♪ I SAW IT ♪
♪ I KNEW IT
IN A GLANCE ♪
♪ THE SONGS WE SANG
WERE SIMPLE AND RHYMELESS ♪
♪ I CAN'T STOP NOW... ♪
♪ I GUESS
TIMES CHANGE ♪
♪ EVEN WHEN LOVE
IS THE SAME ♪♪
( writing on chalkboard )
OH GOODNESS.
WOULD ANYBODY MIND CLEANING
MY ERASERS AFTER CLASS?
ME, ME, ME, ME,
ME, ME!
YOU GUYS ARE
SO IMMATURE!
ACT LIKE
EIGHT-YEAR-OLDS!
STAN,
HOW 'BOUT YOU?
I'D LOVE TO!
NOW LET'S REVIEW
OUR MULTIPLICATION TABLES.
CARTMAN?
WHAT'S A
MULTIPLICATION TABLE?
DIDN'T MR. GARRISON
TEACH MULTIPLICATION?
WELL, WHERE DID HE
LEAVE OFF?
WE WERE LEARNING ABOUT
HOW YASMINE BLEETH
IS GOING OUT WITH
THAT RICHARD GRIECO GUY
THAT USED TO BE ON
"21 JUMP STREET",
BUT THEN HE GOT HIS OWN SHOW
FOR JUST A LITTLE WHILE.
OH HELLO.
CAN I HELP YOU?
I'M CHEF.
AND?
I STOPPED BY
'CAUSE KYLE
FORGOT HIS LAUNDRY DETERGENT
ON THE PLAYGROUND.
MY LAUNDRY
DETERGENT?
CRAZY CRACKER'S ALWAYS LEAVIN'
THAT DETERGENT ALL OVER.
WHAT WAS YOUR
NAME AGAIN?
UH-OH, CHEF'S
MOVIN' IN ON
MISS ELLEN.
I'M THE
SUBSTITUTE.
WELL I'M SURE THERE'S
NO SUBSTITUTE FOR YOU.
THAT'S VERY NICE,
MR. CHEF,
NOW IF
YOU'RE FINISHED...
♪ NOBODY COULD
TAKE YOUR PLACE ♪
♪ NO WAY THEY CAN
MATCH YOUR FACE ♪
♪ YOU GOT IT GOIN' ON
IN A WAY ♪
♪ SO CLEAR ♪
♪ I JUST WANNA
BUY YOU A BEER ♪
MAYBE TONIGHT AT 7:30,
I CAN COME BY AND,
♪ PICK YOU UP
IN MY CAR ♪
♪ NO SUBSTITUTE ♪
♪ NO SUBSTITUTE
FOR YOU ♪
♪ NO SUBSTITUTE ♪
♪ NO BABY THERE'S ♪
♪ FOR YOU GIRL ♪
♪ NO SUBSTITUTE ♪
♪ FOR YOU NOW ♪
♪ YOU KNOW
THAT IT'S TRUE ♪
♪ NO SUBSTITUTE ♪
♪ THERE'S JUST
NO SUBSTITUTE FOR YOU ♪
WE'VE GOT TO LEARN
HOW TO DO THIS.
YUP.
THAT WAS ENTHRALLING,
MR. CHEF,
BUT COULD I GET BACK
TO TEACHING NOW?
IF WE COULD
HAVE DINNER TONIGHT.
FINE, CHEF.
JUST LET ME DO MY JOB
BEFORE I GET FIRED.
CHEF'S GONNA MAKE
SWEET LOVE TO MISS ELLEN!
WHAT?!
MR. GARRISON,
MR. GARRISON!
WHERE AM I?
THE OPERATION IS OVER,
MR. GARRISON.
I FEEL WEAK,
HOW DO I LOOK?
YOU LOOK GREAT!
I FEEL
KIND OF NAUSEOUS.
YES, THAT'S
TO BE EXPECTED.
WE DID SOME
MAJOR RECONSTRUCTION,
SAWED THROUGH
SOME BONE,
SNAPPED SOME
CARTILAGE.
ALL THE BLOOD
AND MUCOUS,
JUST THE SOUND OF
BONE AND SINEW COMING APART.
( weird sounds )
OHHH...
BY THE WAY, DID YOU EVER
SEE THAT MOVIE "CONTACT"?
OH, STOP,
THAT MOVIE WAS TERRIBLE!
I'M SORRY
MR. GARRISON,
WHY DON'T YOU
GET SOME REST?
I'LL CHECK ON YOU
A LITTLE LATER.
I WAITED THROUGH
THAT ENTIRE MOVIE
JUST TO SEE THE ALIEN
AND IT WAS HER GODAMN FATHER.
( school bell )
OKAY, KIDS,
REMEMBER YOUR HOMEWORK.
WE HAVE A LOT
OF CATCHING UP TO DO.
GOODBYE
MISS ELLEN.
( Stan )
STOP KISSING ASS,
CARTMAN!
I'M NOT
KISSING ASS!
MISS ELLEN,
CAN I TALK TO YOU?
OF COURSE
WENDY.
I COULDN'T HELP BUT NOTICE
YOU'VE TAKEN A LIKING
TO MY
BOYFRIEND STAN.
I'VE TAKEN A LIKING
TO ALL OF YOU.
YOU'RE ALL SO YOUNG AND CUTE
AND FULL OF LIFE.
CAN I TELL YOU SOMETHING
MISS ELLEN?
OF COURSE
WENDY.
DON'T!@#$#!
WITH ME!
WHAT?
YOU HEARD ME!
STAY AWAY
FROM MY MAN, BITCH,
OR I'LL WHOOP YOUR ASS
BACK TO LAST YEAR!
BYE
MISS ELLEN!
WELL I CERTAINLY
WANNA THANK
ALL YOU LOVELY
CHILDREN
FOR THE PRESENTS
YOU BOUGHT ME!
OH, WHAT
A DELIGHTFUL SCARF!
THANK YOU
KYLE!
LOSER GIFT,
LOSER GIFT!
AND HERE'S ONE
FROM KENNY.
OH, THANK YOU
VERY MUCH KENNY.
THIS IS A VERY
SCRUMPTIOUS LOOKING SAUSAGE.
( laughing )
OH AND WHAT
A NICE ALARM CLOCK.
THANK YOU STAN.
AND HERE'S ANOTHER
PRESENT FROM WENDY.
OH, IT'S A DEAD ANIMAL,
THANK YOU, WENDY.
SEE? SHE LIKED
MY PRESENT THE BEST!
WHERE'S YOUR PRESENT
CARTMAN?
I GOT MISS ELLEN
A CHOCOLATE PIE,
BUT I LEFT IT
AT HOME.
OKAY KIDS.
WE'RE GONNA TAKE
A SPELLING TEST NOW.
( gasping )
BUT AS AN EXTRA
INCENTIVE,
I'M GONNA TAKE
WHOEVER GETS THE HIGHEST
SCORE ON THE QUIZ
OUT TO DINNER.
AW MAN, I WISH
I KNEW HOW TO SPELL!
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS
BEFORE WE BEGIN?
YES WENDY?
WHEN SOMEONE GETS
AS OLD AS YOU,
DO THEY HAVE TO WEAR
DEPENDS UNDERGARMENTS?!
DUDE, I ACED
THAT TEST!
I'M GONNA WIN DINNER
WITH MISS ELLEN!
NO YOU'RE NOT,
I DON'T THINK
I MISSED ANY!
HI STAN.
I BET
I SCORED A 100!
HI STAN!!
OH, HI WENDY.
I WAS JUST IN
THE BATHROOM,
AND MISS ELLEN
WAS IN THERE
TAKING THE BIGGEST
DUMP I'VE EVER SEEN!
NO SHE WASN'T!
YES SHE WAS!
THAT'S
IMPOSSIBLE!
WELL SHE DID!
AND SHE HAS HORRIBLE,
HORRIBLE GAS TOO!
SHE SAYS SHE
CAN'T CONTROL IT!
UH-UH!
IT'S LIKE A DEAD CALF
ROTTING IN THE HOT SUN!
OH COOL!
HEY WENDY,
YOU NEED TO STOP
WITH THIS WHOLE
JEALOUSY THING.
YEAH, YOU'RE ACTING
LIKE A FREAK, WENDY.
NO, I'M NOT ACTING
LIKE A FREAK!!
HEY MAN, SOMEONE'S
GOTTA PULL THAT MONKEY
OUT OF WENDY'S ASS!
HELLO THERE
CHILDREN.
HEY CHEF.
HOW DID YOUR DATE
WITH MISS ELLEN GO?
NOT TOO GOOD.
WHAT HAPPENED,
DIDN'T YOU MAKE
SWEET LOVE TO HER?
NO, NO, NO,
SHE'S NOT LIKE THAT.
YOU SEE,
HOW DO I PUT THIS?
CHILDREN,
MISS ELLEN DOESN'T
EXACTLY PLAY
FOR THE RIGHT TEAM.
IN OTHER WORDS
CHILDREN,
SHE'S NOT
A MEMBER OF
THE HETEROSEXUAL
PERSUASION.
DON'T YOU
UNDERSTAND?
SHE'S A LESBIAN.
A WHAT-BIAN?
A PLEBEIAN?!
YOU BOYS DON'T KNOW
WHAT A LESBIAN IS?!
KENNY?
NO, EXPLAIN IT
TO US CHEF.
THAT'S OKAY,
LOOK-
ALL YOU NEED
TO KNOW IS,
MISS ELLEN'S
A LESBIAN,
THAT MEANS SHE ONLY LIKES
OTHER LESBIANS.
OH.
NOW MOVE ALONG
CHILDREN,
YOU'RE HOLDIN'
UP THE LINE.
WEAK DUDE,
SHE ONLY LIKES
OTHER LESBIANS?
HEY MAN, IF SHE ONLY
LIKES OTHER LESBIANS,
THEN ALL WE GOTTA DO
IS BECOME LESBIANS TOO!
HEY YEAH!
HEY GUYS,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MY GRANDMA WAS
DUTCH-IRISH,
AND MY GRANDPA
WAS LESBIAN.
THAT MAKES ME
QUARTER LESBIAN.
YOU'RE JUST
SAYIN' THAT CARTMAN.
YOU'RE NOT A LESBIAN
FAT-ASS!
I AM TOO!
OKAY, ONLY A FEW MORE
BANDAGES TO GO.
WELL?
TAKE A LOOK
FOR YOURSELF.
WOW, THAT'S A PRETTY
GOOD NOSE JOB!
WHAT DO YOU
THINK MR. HAT?
I THINK IT
LOOKS GREAT.
YES, I THINK ONCE
THE SWELLING GOES DOWN,
YOU'LL REALLY NOTICE
A DIFFERENCE.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING?!
MY MOM SAID IF YOU WANT
TO BECOME A LESBIAN
YOU HAVE TO
LICK CARPET!
REALLY?
WELL I GOT AN
INDI-GLOW GIRLS CD.
THE GUY AT
THE RECORD STORE
SAID IT WAS PERFECT.
AND I GOT THESE
KILLER BIRKENSTOCKS.
♪ I WOKE UP VERY EARLY
ONE SUNDAY MORNING ♪
THIS IS A
BUNCH OF CRAP!
I'VE BEEN LICKING THIS
CARPET FOR THREE HOURS
AND I STILL DON'T
FEEL LIKE A LESBIAN!
♪ DO IT LIGHT ♪
♪ TAKIN' ME
THROUGH THE NIGHT ♪
♪ SHADOW DANCIN' ♪
♪ BABY,
YOU DO IT RIGHT ♪
♪ GIVE ME MORE... ♪
HI MRS. KIMBALL.
OH, HOW-DY
MR. GARRISON.
SAY HONEY, YOU LOOK
KINDA DIFFERENT.
REALLY?
DID YOU GET
A HAIRCUT?
NO, BUT THANKS
FOR ASKING.
♪ DO IT LIGHT ♪
♪ TAKIN' ME
THROUGH THE NIGHT ♪
CALL ME...
I'M IN THE BOOK!
WOW MR. HAT,
HAVING A NOSE JOB
IS EVEN BETTER
THAN I THOUGHT.
THERE'S A WHOLE WORLD
OF OPPORTUNITY
OPENING UP
IN FRONT OF US.
THANKS FOR COMING
OVER, BABAY.
THAT'S OKAY WENDY,
I BROUGHT MY MAKE-UP KIT
LIKE YOU ASKED ME.
WHAT ARE WE
DOING ANYWAY?
THAT MEAN OLD SUBSTITUTE
ISN'T GONNA STOP
UNTIL SHE TAKES
EVERYTHING
FROM ME BABAY!
REALLY?
YEAH!
WHAT I'D REALLY LIKE TO DO
IS LOAD HER INTO A ROCKET
AND HAVE HER SHOT INTO
THE CENTER OF THE SUN!
BUT INSTEAD,
I'LL JUST GET STAN
TO NOTICE ME AGAIN.
BABAY, I NEED
A MAKE-OVER!
OH, COOL!
I CAN'T WAIT FOR
MISS ELLEN TO SEE
WHAT A RAGING
LESBIAN I AM!
I'M A BIGGER
LESBIAN THAN YOU!
NO, YOU'RE A FATTER
LESBIAN THAN ME!
SCREW YOU GUYS,
I'M KING LESBIAN!
WHOA, IS THAT
WENDY TESTABERGER?!
HI GUYS, WHAT'S UP?
WOW, WENDY LOOKS JUST LIKE
THAT CHICK FROM "GREASE',
ELTON JOHN!
WOW, HI WENDY.
OH, HI STAN.
I THINK IT
WORKED BABAY!
YEAH!
GOOD MORNING
CHILDREN.
WOW!
DAMN, DAMN!
OH WENDY,
YOU WORE BLACK
LEATHER TOO!
WE'RE LIKE SISTERS.
DIE!
ALRIGHT KIDS, I FINISHED
GRADING YOUR PAPERS
AND THE PERSON WITH
THE HIGHEST SCORE...
HELLO THERE
CHILDREN!
♪ DO IT LIGHT ♪
♪ TAKIN' ME
THROUGH THE NIGHT ♪
♪ SHADOW DANCIN' ♪
OH NO,
MR. GARRISON'S BACK!
OH, WEAK DUDE!
HOORAY, HOORAY!
HOORAY
FOR MR. GARRISON!
♪ HE'S BACK, HE'S BACK,
MR. GARRISON IS BACK ♪
♪ SO LONG
SUBSTITUTE ♪
DON'T LET THE DOOR
HIT YOUR ASS
ON THE WAY OUT NOW!
CHILDREN, I HAVE A VERY
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT--
I'M QUITTING MY JOB
AS A TEACHER.
( gasping )
WHAT?!
IT'S STRANGE,
SUDDENLY I FEEL REALLY
CONFIDENT ABOUT MYSELF.
AND I'VE DECIDED
TO QUIT TEACHING,
AND DO WHAT I'VE
ALWAYS DREAMED OF DOING.
HANG OUT
AND SCREW HOT CHICKS!
YOU...
YOU CAN'T!
BUT THE GOOD
NEWS IS,
I'VE ALREADY TALKED TO
PRINCIPAL VICTORIA ABOUT IT,
AND MISS ELLEN
CAN STAY ON
AS YOUR
PERMANENT TEACHER.
( cheering )
REALLY?
THAT'S RIGHT,
WILL YOU STAY?
WELL, SURE!
NO!
NO!!
OH, BY THE WAY KIDS,
THE PERSON WHO SCORED
HIGHEST ON THE QUIZ
AND GETS TO HAVE
DINNER ON ME,
IS STAN.
KICK ASS!
NO!
OH, AND WENDY,
I ALMOST FORGOT,
WE JUST GOT A CALL
IN THE OFFICE,
YOUR GRANDMA
JUST DIED.
AHHH!
OOH MY,
WHAT AN EXCITING DAY!
♪ DO IT LIGHT ♪
♪ TAKIN' ME
THROUGH THE NIGHT ♪
♪ SHADOW DANCIN' ♪
GREAT BABY,
YOU'RE LOOKIN' GREAT!
I'M A LADY-KILLER
MR. HAT!
YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN
MR. GARRISON!
OKAY, JUST A FEW
HUNDRED MORE SHOTS,
AND WE'LL BE DONE.
A FEW HUNDRED?
HEY, THAT'S THE LIFE
OF A MODEL BABY!
OH BOY, I'M GONNA
NEED SOME MORE SMACK!
YOU GOT IT!
I'M VERY GLAD WE COULD
HAVE DINNER TOGETHER STANLEY.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT I REALLY CARE
ABOUT YOUR EDUCATION.
ARE WE MAKING
LOVE NOW?
EXCUSE ME?
THEY DON'T HAVE
A FIREPLACE HERE,
WE SHOULDN'T
BE MAKING LOVE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU HAVE TO MAKE LOVE
DOWN BY THE FIRE,
THAT'S WHAT CHEF
ALWAYS SAYS.
STAN, I'M YOUR
TEACHER, OKAY?
WE'RE ONLY FRIENDS.
BUT WHY?
WELL, FIRST OF ALL,
YOU'RE EIGHT.
IT'S BECAUSE I'M NOT
A LESBIAN, ISN'T IT?
OH BOY...
IT'S OVER,
I GIVE UP.
BOY, I'LL TELL YOU
SOMETHING MR. HAT,
BEING HOT AND SEXY
IS FUN FOR A WHILE,
BUT IT SURE DOES
GET BORING.
YOU CAN SAY THAT
AGAIN MR. GARRISON.
( screaming )
WHAT THE...?!
WHOA...
HEY, HEY, HEY!
AHH!
MR. HAT,
SAVE YOURSELF!
( bell )
SO HOW'D YOUR DATE
WITH MISS ELLEN GO?
DID YOU
MAKE LOVE?
I THINK SO.
NO WAY!
YEP!
DOWN BY THE FIRE?
( mumbling )
DID I WHAT?!
GOOD MORNING
CHILDREN.
MISS ELLEN, CAN
I TALK TO YOU?
SURE, BUT CAN IT WAIT
'TIL AFTER CLASS WENDY?
NO, I JUST HAVE
TO APOLOGIZE
FOR THE WAY
I'VE BEEN ACTING.
OH, THAT'S
OKAY WENDY.
NO, IT'S NOT.
SINCE YOU'RE
HERE TO STAY,
I JUST HOPE
WE CAN BE FRIENDS.
WELL I WOULD
LOVE THAT WENDY.
AND, AHEM,
I WANT TO APOLOGIZE
TO EVERYBODY.
THE WAY I ACTED
WAS WRONG,
AND I'VE
LEARNED FROM IT.
I JUST WISH STAN
AND MISS ELLEN
WILL HAVE ALL THE
HAPPINESS IN THE WORLD.
WENDY, THERE'S NOTHING
BETWEEN ME AND STAN.
THAT'S NOT WHAT
WE JUST HEARD!
( screaming ladies )
OH MR. HAT,
I HATE THIS!
I WISH I'D NEVER HAD
A NOSE JOB!
DAMN THIS BEAUTIFUL
FACE OF MINE!
DAMMIT TO HELL!
WE HAVE TO GET
THE SURGERY AGAIN MR. HAT.
I WANNA BE THE
OLD ME AGAIN!
OKAY CHILDREN,
LET'S CATCH UP ON OUR
CURSIVE HANDWRITING.
DOWN, DOWN,
EVERYBODY DOWN!
WHAT THE HELL...?
SO, WE MEET AGAIN
MISS ELLEN.
AND JUST WHAT IS
GOING ON HERE MISTER?!
I AM AKIM KURACHI
OF THE MIGHTY
NATION OF IRAQ.
THIS WOMAN IS A TRAITOR
TO OUR GOVERNMENT.
IT'S A LIE!
SHE HAS KILLED
THOUSANDS,
AND WILL KILL AGAIN
I ASSURE YOU.
MISS ELLEN,
IS THIS TRUE?
NO!!
WE MUST TAKE HER BACK
TO IRAQ IMMEDIATELY!
OH COOL!
PRINCIPAL VICTORIA,
PLEASE!
THERE IS A BLACK
AND WHITE PHOTO
OF MISS ELLEN
AND OUR LEADER!
HER REAL NAME IS
MAKESCH IRAQ MALKARAKESH.
WELL MISS
MALKARAKESH,
YOU CERTAINLY TRIED TO
PUT ONE OVER ON US!
TAKE HER AWAY!
NO, GET AWAY
FROM ME!
OH MY GOD,
SHE KILLED KENNY!
YOU BASTARD!
NO!!
WOW, WHAT
INCREDIBLE IRONY?
( sirens )
WOW, I CAN'T BELIEVE
MISS ELLEN WAS A
CRIMINAL IRAQI FUGITIVE!
YEAH, YOU JUST
NEVER KNOW.
WELL, I GUESS
I'M SORRY
THAT I WAS IGNORING
YOU AND STUFF.
HAPPY VALENTINE'S
DAY STAN.
EWW!
SORRY!
NO, IT'S
OKAY STAN!
EVERYTHING'S GOING
TO BE OKAY.
CARTMAN, ARE
YOU STILL TRYING
TO BECOME A LESBIAN?!
YEAH DUDE, MY MOM
SAYS ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS CHOMP
ON THIS BOX.
FOR CRIMES AGAINST
THIS COUNTRY,
YOU ARE HEREBY
SENTENCED TO BE
SHOT INTO THE
CENTER OF THE SUN!
THIS IS ALL
A MISTAKE!
THIS CAN'T
BE HAPPENING!
PLEASE!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!
( music playing )
WHOO-HOO,
GREAT PARTY WENDY!
THANKS
MRS. KIMBALL.
THANKS FOR HELPING ME
TO GET MR. GARRISON
BACK AS A TEACHER,
ANYTHING FOR YOU,
SUGAR-PIE.
OH, HI KYLE.
I'VE BEEN
THINKING WENDY,
THIS WHOLE OUTCOME
IS PRETTY STRANGE.
EXCUSE ME.
( Iraqi )
HOW IS IT THAT MISS ELLEN WAS
SUDDENLY ARRESTED FOR BEING...
SHH, SH!
IT'S TIME TO WHIP OUT
THE ECLIPSE SHOE BOX!
BYE-BYE MISS ELLEN.
WENDY...
YOU DIDN'T!
I TOLD HER...
DON'T ---- WITH
WENDY TESTABERGER!